add example how to use AWSLambdaReceiver (#815) (#940)
slackapi/bolt-js: docs/_deployments/aws-lambda.md

By default, Bolt listens for HTTP requests. In this section, we'll customize your Bolt app's [`receiver`](https://slack.dev/bolt-js/concepts#receiver) to respond to Lambda function events instead.

> First, update the [source code that imports your modules](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js-getting-started-app/blob/main/app.js#L1) in `app.js` to require Bolt's AwsLambda receiver:

Reviewer: Updating the name to be consistent with the usage throughout the doc:
```suggestion
First, update the [source code that imports your modules](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js-getting-started-app/blob/main/app.js#L1) in `app.js` to require Bolt's AwsLambdaReceiver:
```
